Naïve fix for optimize bug with `line_format` and `json` expression parser (#6375)
grafana/loki: CHANGELOG.md

* [6358](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/6358) **taharah**: Fixes sigv4 authentication for the Ruler's remote write configuration by allowing both a global and per tenant configuration.
* [6152](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/6152) **slim-bean**: Fixes unbounded ingester memory growth when live tailing under specific circumstances.
* [5685](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/5685) **chaudum**: Assert that push values tuples consist of string values

> * [6375](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/6375) **dannykopping**: Naïve fix for optimize bug with line_format and json expression parser

Reviewer: I think from a user's point of view this entry is very cryptic. Wdyt about something like this:

```suggestion
* [6375](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/6375) **dannykopping**: Fix bug that prevented users from using the `json` parser after a `line_format` pipeline stage.
```
